# Solving-Hunger-With-Optimization
Using Excel Solver for Linear Optimization to maximise total annual meals yielded through promotional activities organized by Harvest Hope Food Bank

Harvest Hope Food Bank is South Carolina's largest food bank, providing over 50000 meals a week for those suffering from hunger. However, HHFB is only able to satisfy 60% of the demand for food! The objective of this linear programming problem would be to maximize the amount meals yielded by the food bank. The variables in this problem could represent various promotional activities such as church drives, golf tournaments, and auctions. The constraints in this problem could represent limitations on resources such as budget, time, and manpower. By using linear programming, the food bank can determine the optimal allocation of resources to each promotional activity to achieve the maximum amount of food pounds and money(USD) raised per event which is eventually converted to meals yielded per event using a simple mathematical conversion. The constraints in this problem ensure that the solution is feasible and takes into account the practical limitations of the food bank. The solution to this linear programming problem would provide valuable insights to the food bank on how to effectively allocate resources to achieve their goal of raising donations.

The recommended mix of initiatives can raised food and dollar donations to serve 1.72 million additional meals (a 41 percent improvement) over current levels within the existing resource limits, which represents a substantial contribution to HHFB’s mission.

